Pygame : This is the module is used for creating games in python.
    There are 4 main parts in the module
        1. Game Loop : 
            Its an infinite while loop where the Sprites are blitted (shown images continuesly). Play the sound and accept the event from the user. And then changing the screen according to it.
            This all depends on the basis of what user does as event.
        2. Events: These are the Things captured that are done by the user
            Like the buttons pressed while playing.
        3. Sprites : These are the images that are shown in the view
        4. Sound : The sound played while playing the game
            Like the sound while hitting the bird with the pipe

    pygame.init() -> Initialize the all module
    pygame.display.init() -> Initialize the display module


We are importing different Modules for the game 
    1. Pygame : Game Development 
    2. Random : Generating Random numbers
    3. sys : Using sys.exit for quiting the game in between

Global Veriables
    These are the variable which is going to be constant throughout the game
    These generally setup the basic config of the game. -> All these are decleared in different file and imported from There
    There are
        - PFS : The number of frames per sec at which image is changing (A Randnum of Choice so it seems smooth)
        - SCREEN WIDTH : The width of the game screen (width of the bg image)
        - SCREEN HEIGHT : The height of the game screen (Height of the bg image)
        - SCREEN : A window of (wid,ht) get Initialize using set_mode() 
        - BASEY : The height at which base would be placed (85% of the screen would be left)
        - GAME_IMAGES : Images used in the game that would be blitted 
        - GAME_SOUNDS : Sounds used in the game 
        - BIRD : Relative Path of the image of the bird
        - BACKGROUND : Relative Path of the image of the background
        - PIPE : Relative Path of the image of the pipe

Loading Files form the sys
    Images
        image.load : Loads the image obj from the given Location
        convert_alpha : changes img to pixaled format -> OPTIMIZES it
        transform.rotate : rotate the image with given angle
    Sound
        mixer.Sound : Loading sound from sys to Program


Main Program Stuff 
    Initialization of the module of pygame -> pygame.init
    FPSCLOCK : Controls the FPS of the game -> This is going tp keep track of the time
    setCaption : Gives the name to window





Screen Height Calculations For the pipe Location
    First we are going to create Lower pipe and then setting up the Upper pipe with an off set